Epicodus Spring 2014 internship project for the Oregon Humane Society with the talents of:

Elikem Adadevoh

Patrick McGreevy

Paul Ogawa

Tara Scherner de la Fuente

J Vogelsberg

Creating a pet finder application to help improve the ease and swiftness of finding and recovering lost and found pets.

Current goals as of May 12th:

–As a lost pet owner, I want to create an account, so that I can update my posting if/when needed.

–As a lost pet owner, I want to post information about my lost pet, so that people can notify me if they find it.

–As the Humane Society, I want the site to look like asapmetro.org, just cuz.

–As a lost pet owner, I want to attach one or more photos to my lost pet posting, so that people know what my pet looks like.

–As a lost pet owner, I want to provide my email or phone so that someone can get in touch if they find the pet.

–As a lost pet finder, I want to create a posting for the pet I found, in case the owner hasn't created a posting for it yet.

–As a pet finder, I want to search for pets, so that I can find the owner.

–As a pet finder, I want to enter a message to the pet owner and have it email them my name, phone number and message, to let them know I found the pet.

–As a lost pet owner, I want to receive a text message when my pet is found, so that I get the message more quickly than by email.

–As a lost pet owner, I want to receive a text message when my pet is found, so that I get the message more quickly than by email.

–As a pet finder, I want to include a photo of the pet I found in my message to the owner, so they can check and see if it's theirs.
